Update screenshots for the SLO List widget docs (#16945)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/dashboards/widgets/slo_list.md

  text: "Building Dashboards using JSON" 
---

> The SLO List widget displays a subset of [SLOs][1] over their primary time window. All other configured time windows are still available on the SLO's side panel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SLO List widget displays a subset of [SLOs][1] over their primary time window. All other configured time windows are available in the SLO's side panel on the SLO page. 
```
